IfcDistributionPort Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T06:37:58.2452980Z (#155)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/i/IsWelded_1ZxOPXMGT17eoWdZAFb$Ls/Documentation.md

> Indicate whether the wire pair end point is joined to another wire pair end point by means of a welded junction or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates whether the wire pair end point is joined to another wire pair end point by means of a welded junction.
```
